Hello Professor Baruch,
	My name Is Davon Grant and I am from the Bronx in New York City. My name is often mispronounced and I don't mind if it is, but the correct pronunciation is (Day-von, the "a" is dragged out similar to crayon). When I am not at home, I like to play sports, go ice skating and shop for technology. I probably spend far too much money on electronics and random gadgets! When I'm inside of my house (or dorm, in this case), I'm usually browsing the web or reading. When I was younger, I was an avid videogame player, but I decided to place a heavy limit on it around my senior year in high school. It has allowed me to learn more and focus on more important things, such as my major: Computer Science. Prior to enrolling in Syracuse, I took "Intro to Computer Science" and "AP Computer Science" at the Bronx High School of Science. However, while Intro to Computer Science seemed easy, "AP Computer Science" was a major problem for me. I finished with a B-, and only got a 1 on the AP exam. I do not blame my teacher at all for my performance, but her teaching style did not align with the way I was used to learning. The majority of the class was an example being shown, and then the students taking that example and finding ways to apply it in other situations ourselves. This is not necessarily a bad way of teaching and if I took the same class today, I would surely do better. However, I simply wasn't used to it at the time, and I fell behind much faster than I should have. I am taking this course despite my poor performance in AP Computer Science because it is still what I am most interested in as a career, and I believe my math skills are on par with what is needed to become competent. When I first came to SU, I was placed into Calculus I and after the Calculus Readiness Exam, I remained in the class. Calculus I is my first math class here at SU, and I have never taken ECS 102 before since I am a freshman. I look forward to the semester and hope that I can succeed in the class!
																				Your Student,
																					   Davon G.