Davon Grant
CIS425 HW#2 Brag Sheet

Interactions:
Press the escape key to quit.
Click the Pasta radio button to see it filled and see it displayed.
Press a to fill the Pasta radio button and see it displayed.
Click the Burger radio button to see it filled and see it displayed.
Press s to fill the Burger radio button and see it displayed.
Click the Pizza radio button to see it filled and see it displayed.
Press d to fill the Pizza radio button and see it displayed.
Click the Sushi radio button to see it filled and see it displayed.
Press f to fill the Sushi radio button and see it displayed.
Click the Apple checkbox to see it filled and see it displayed.
Press z to fill the Apple checkbox and see it displayed.
Click the Carrot checkbox to see it filled and see it displayed.
Press x to fill the Carrot checkbox and see it displayed.
Click the Wasabi checkbox to see it filled and see it displayed.
Press c to fill the Wasabi checkbox and see it displayed.
Click the Fries checkbox to see it filled and see it displayed.
Press v to fill the Fries checkbox and see it displayed.
Click the Brocolli checkbox to see it filled and see it displayed.
Press b to fill the Brocolli checkbox and see it displayed.
Right click the Display Panel to display submenu's
Left click Change Plate Color > Silver to make the plate silver
Left click Change Plate Color > Purple to make the plate purple
Left click Change Plate Color > Silver to make the plate blue
Left click Rotate Plate > 90 to rotate the plate 90 degrees.
Left click Entree Portion > Double to make the portion size bigger
Left click Entree Portion > Half to make the portion size smaller
Left click Quit to exit the program.

This project was much more difficult than the first project for me. Some features that I was able to successfully get were:
-Various colors spread throughout the food
-Different 2D and 3D primitives
-Creating a working submenu
-Creating a working display panel
-Creating working radio buttons
-Creating working checkboxes

However, some issues that I have are understanding OpenGL in 3D. This led to a rotation issue with my submenu option. In addition, I did not give myself enough time to do this project. I started way too late, and as a result did not have time to complete crucial features such as translation with mouseMotion. 
