Davon Grant
CIS425 Final Project Brag Sheet

Interactions:
Press 'Space' to begin
Press 'esc' to quit
Press 'r' to reset the scene
Press 's' to switch between day and night
Press 'c' to get rid of dialogue on screen
Press 'i' to make the bobber red & blue
Press 'o' to make the bobber orange & blue
Press 'p' to make the bobber black & yellow
Press 'b' to make the friend compliment the fisherman
Press 'n' to make the friend insult the fisherman
Press 'm' to make the friend say a joke
Press 'k' to make the fish start swimming back and forth
Press 'v' to make the fish swim in a position to be caught on the next passaround.

Right click the window to display submenu's:
	Left click Time of Day > Morning to change to daytime
	Left click Time of Day > Night to change to daytime
	Left click Friend Speech > Compliment to make friend say a compliment
	Left click Friend Speech > Antagonize to make friend be rude
	Left click Bobber Color > Red and White to make the bobber appear red and white
	Left click Bobber Color > Blue and Orange to make the bobber appear blue and orange
	Left click Bobber Color > Black and Yellow to make the bobber appear black and yellow
	Left click "Catch a Fish!" to make the fish swim in a position to be caught on the next passaround.
	Left click Quit to exit program

Some major problems that I had during this project were:
-Getting textures working properly. For some reason, everytime I tried to load textures, I got a memory allocation error and was unable to load them successfully. I planned on texturing the fish, as well as creating a textured geyser at the bottom of the water
-Lighting. For the first time in a project, I was able to successfully implement lighting thanks to the help of SphereInBox2.cpp. However, I still did not get super in depth with it, which was something I regretted.
-Animation. My attempts at animating my fish kept coming out poorly, so I removed it in the end. If it gets fixed prior to the presentation, it will be readded.

Some features that I was able to successfully get were:
-Creating a multipart fishing rod via the use of quadric items
-Successfully using lighting material properties
-Correctly making dialogue
-Successful animation. This included making the fish swim smoothly back and forth, as well as making the capture process smooth